Anna: Hello, it's Anna! I did it - Washington, D.C. is my home. Looking back over the past year, I’ve done so many amazing things! I have met people from all over the world. I’ve made many good friends. And I have a great job! And I've taken a lot of chances. And now I have some really big news! Wait for it… and 3, 2, 1…
Kelly: Hello and welcome to “Around the Corner and Across the Street from the Actor’s Studio!” Many people dream of becoming actors. But very often, those dreams don’t come true.
Kelly: Well, today we will meet a woman and -- her acting career has really taken off. In fact, she acted in my play, “The Woods Are Alive!” Oh. She really brought the part of Tree Number 15 to life! Let’s give a warm welcome to Anna Matteo!
Anna: Thank you. Thank you so much for having me here.
Kelly: Please, please, sit down. Here, here, let me help you.
Anna: Thanks. Thanks. Wow, it is great to see you again, Director Kelly!
Kelly: It’s great to see you too, Anna. I see you are still wearing your tree costume. Does this have anything to do with your big news?
Anna: Yes. Yes, it does.
Kelly: Well, Anna, please share that news with us.
Anna: Kelly, I will be acting in three movies.
Kelly: That is amazing! Anna, tell us more.
Anna: Well, the first is a science fiction movie. The second is a romantic comedy. And the third is an action movie.
Kelly: That is so great! Let me guess -- you’re playing a tree in all of them!
Anna: Yes! This is what happened. To prepare for your play, I had to find out what it was like to BE a tree in the world. I had to find out where to eat, where to shop, where to meet people and how to get around the city.
Kelly: Amazing. I think big things are going to happen for you, Anna. So, tell me, will you be moving to Hollywood for a career in movies?
Anna: No. I’ll make the movies and then come back. Washington, D.C. is my home.
Kelly: I’m sure your family is very proud.
Anna: Yes, they are. You know, Kelly, not too long ago, I didn’t feel very good about my life. I had to make a change. So, I took some chances. Sometimes I succeeded. Sometimes I failed. But I will never stop trying.
Kelly: Well, thank you for sharing your news and so much more with us, Anna.
Kelly: Until next time …


